Our objective has always been
to make our literature available
to as many people as possible.
Recently, a secular book fair was arranged
in the city of Guadalajara, in Mexico.
Our brothers thought
it would be the perfect opportunity
to help the visitors learn more
about the best book ever written
—the Bible.
Preaching where the people are is crucial,
and here there are thousands!
In a short time we can reach people
that we wouldn’t normally find at home.
A lot of young people visited us here.
I really like how you have it set up
with books and brochures.
Teenagers have a lot of questions,
but they don’t ask them.
If God is so powerful,
why does he let us suffer?
That’s a question
that a lot of people ask themselves
since we think of God as the Almighty,
and a lot of times that’s why
many people lose their faith.
One of my students
is a Jehovah’s Witness.
I once was able to get ahold
of a copy of the book Young People Ask,
and I found the information there
very interesting, very complete.
It’s really helped me in particular
to raise my daughters.
Many people were surprised
to learn that our publications
are distributed completely free of charge.
What caught my attention
is your generosity,
offering publications
without expecting anything in return.
In fact, one person even seemed a bit annoyed.
He said: “How is it possible
that you don’t charge for this?”
He said: “This is worth a lot.”
We were very surprised
by the public’s response.
Around 30,000 publications
were distributed.
In fact, just between
volumes one and two of the book
Young People Ask—Answers That Work,
some 8,000 copies were placed.
One of the main objectives of our booth
was to draw attention
to the content on our jw.org website.
To begin with, what really
caught my attention were the videos.
What has really drawn people’s attention
is that they’re being able
to watch the videos for themselves.
That really attracts them.
Kids learn through videos.
So it’s very important for us as humans
to teach our kids values
using these different tools.
As parents,
our duty is to mold our children
into persons with good principles,
good values.
A teacher watched
the whiteboard animation videos,
and that’s what most impressed her.
She said she’s going to use them
in her classroom.
From what I saw, to me,
the site is very good, very educational.
I think it’s great.
You can help thousands of people
right from the intimacy of their homes,
where they’re comfortable,
to consult Bible-based information.
If they had knocked on my door,
I probably would have shut it on them.
But I think this method is very different.
To me, it’s a lot more dynamic.
I was one of those persons
who would just take the literature,
and I was like, “Just leave it with me.
Maybe I’ll read it later.”
I think that when we
get ahold of a tablet or a laptop
and we start opening Web pages,
and especially
the Jehovah’s Witnesses’ site,
you start seeing what you need
without having to ask questions,
and especially
because the pages are so eye-catching.
What’s happening here
is really important,
and I think
what you people are doing is great.
I was a completely different person before,
but this has helped my family
to be more united.
What fine results
will undoubtedly come
from this new initiative.
The Central America branch
received approval
from the Service Committee
of the Governing Body for this event.
Such requests
are reviewed on a case-by-case basis.